[Music]
welcome to b2b marketing and more with
your host Pam dinner as the leading
marketing and sales enablement
strategist keynote speaker and author
camp created this podcast to share a
professional experience and insights and
to help you be a better b2b marketer
never miss an episode by subscribing on
Apple podcasts now let's get started
hello everyone so I wrote a little ebook
about AI artificial intelligence which
is available on Amazon
simply type ham dinner or the name of
the book the modern AI marketers
download directly to your Kindle and
check it out love to hear your feedback
I mentioned in the past two podcast
episodes that I wrote this book to help
others also including myself understand
how AI fits into the field of marketing
and in the e-book I mentioned six use
cases for today's podcast I want to talk
about three or sold so you can get a
sense of it in terms of how AI apply to
marketing so one specific case I want to
share with everybody and which is you
know it's a chatbot right whenever you
go to the website you will see a little
bot on the bottom of the right-hand
corner that way being its hand and
wanted to talk to you so a lot of time I
would tried the chat bot and a specific
question and see if the bot can actually
insert them and a lot of time they are
not giving me the answer I need and I
end up talking to real people which is
fine right but there is one website
which is I go all the time trying to
find freelancers it's called up work I
don't know if you use them but if you
are looking for freelancers check out
that specific website from time to time
I need to change the milestones of my
project or add additional money because
my scope has changed so I don't know how
to do some of that work and I will go to
the support site and they have a little
bot and I ask multiple times in terms of
different questions interesting enough
that specific part always give me the
answer I was looking for
I'm very impressed in terms of how up
work a work with the chatbot and build
the workflow and also help the bot
understand and learn from the different
questions that people are asking so
that's a very good example in terms of
AI to use in the marketing communication
especially on the website and another
thing I want to share with you is in
terms of a content creation for example
many publishing companies they are using
the home ground a I reporters Bloomberg
for example uses automated technology
cyborgs to generate one third of its
financial news especially companies
earning reports and a Washington Post
used the homegrown AI content generation
machines heliograph to create content
for the coverage of 2016 Summer Olympics
games in the 2016 election the media
company has been using this AI base
content creator o a so-called robot
reporter to cover
Naoko specific news which the publishers
can afford to assign for time local
reporters so they are using the robot
reporters to actually pour the content
and write a content and based on the
keywords and also pour from a different
trusted sources this works very well if
you know the intended outcomes of your
content for most white papers we know
what we want to say what information we
want to emphasize and what the call to
action should be giving that we know the
predictive outcomes it's actually
possible or plausible to use AI to
create a first draft of the white paper
for you and if you write blog post or
long-form content looking to market muse
the AI content intelligence and a
strategy platform that will transform
how you research plan and craft your
content I don't believe that marking
news can write a content for you but its
capability can certainly help you to
optimize and refine your content alright
another use cases I want to share with
you is basically supporting sales via
account based marketing sales in the
marketing have
traditionally played two separate roles
within organization marketing's focus on
the top of the finals and the drive
demands while sales is responsible for
the bottom of the funnel and closing
deals I'm a firm believer that a
marketing primary goal is to support
sales in addition to driving demand and
a building brain equity and there are
many way to support sales as a marketer
and I talked about that extensively in
my book effective sales enablement if
you are interested you should focus on
chapters four to seven as AI is further
embedded into sales and marketing tech
tools naturally forces the lineman and
bi-directional communications between
these two group this has further
elevated the need to integrate marketing
automation and the CI m tools which is
many companies do that
one approach marketers can take to help
sales is account based marketing which
implements targeted campaigns and
outreach to complement the sales
accounts approach the purpose of the ABM
account based marketing is to address
the needs of individual target accounts
what AI can do is to further enhance the
customization and a prediction to do
that requires the pool of intelligence
aka data at both the count and also
individual customer levels to tailor
your a be and efforts so one of the key
desired outcomes Boykin based marketing
is to predict prospects intent to
enhance propensity to buy predictive
insights and intent data give you a
real-time intelligence on the counts
that are most likely to convert and this
obviously streamlines the Kal
prioritization and fully optimize your
budget allocation and there are several
companies can actually help you to do
that one of them is the main base it's
basically used by many enterprise
customers and in position self as the
end-to-end Abyan solutions from
identifying accounts between sales and
marketing personalizing content and add
retargeting to tracking the prospects
ABM results and the AI is also embedded
into a demand base solution so this is
one tool that's use
while II by mainly enterprises and
another company is colobus engines they
also have AI power platform that helps
b2b marketers scale their account based
marketing programs across different
channels in addition they connect and
consolidate multiple internal external
data sources and build audience segments
using AI alright so these are some of
the companies and also use cases ROI
count based marketing obviously another
use case I want to share with you is a
media by the media by landscape has
changed dramatically with internet ad
placement is no longer direct
communication between advertisers and
publishers using emails and phones now
you can buy and sell the inventory your
ads inventory using the algorithm and
you are bidding on a different inventory
right so it's basically created and
managed by machines or the AI it play
critical role in the media buying
process there are many many platforms
provide features that use the latest
advancements in machine learning to
optimize impressions in real-time
bidding process like Albert Media math
how many channels and the IBM pin
optimizers etc so brands can use
artificial intelligence to serve more
relevant and targeted messages in the
right place at the right times by
providing data reading insight so I'm
sharing different use cases with you in
terms of how AI is using nowaday in a
current marketing landscape again if you
enjoy the podcast feel free to subscribe
to the show on your favorite podcast
platform or visit my website Camden or
com forward slash podcast again if you
prefer watching videos simply go to
youtube and to type my name pam dinner
subscribe that would be greatly
appreciated and when new video every
week in the meantime be well and that's
connect again next week take care bye
bye
if you enjoyed this podcast please share
it with your colleagues and leave a
review on Apple podcast
[Music]